Verify JVM configuration in Snowflake connector (#24717)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/snowflake.md

snowflake.warehouse=warehouse
```

> Snowflake connector uses Apache Arrow as the serialization format when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Snowflake connector uses Apache Arrow as the serialization format when
```

> reading from Snowflake which requires additional JVM arguments. Add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reading from Snowflake. Add the the following required, additional JVM argument to the [](jvm-config):
```

And then have a codeblock with the line
